Update docs for Arduino as a Component (#5374)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: content/components/esp32.md

- **partitions** (*Optional*, filename): The name of (optionally including the path to) the file containing the
  partitioning scheme to be used. When not specified, partitions are automatically generated based on `flash_size`.

- **framework** (*Optional*): Options for the underlying framework used by ESPHome. See [Framework](#esp32-framework).

{{< anchor "esp32-framework" >}}

## Framework

> This is the default framework for ESP32 chips at the moment.

Reviewer: Should this line be removed since this section heading has changed and is no longer "Arduino framework"?

Author: It is still a sub schema though and should probably have its own section?

https://deploy-preview-5374--esphome.netlify.app/components/esp32/

Reviewer: Ah, should've looked at the preview. 🤦🏻 I might still rephrase this line a bit -- maybe this?:

> This is the default framework for the ESP32 and its variants:

Just a thought. Otherwise LGTM 👍🏻

Reviewer 2: It was super confusing because the default is different based on variant. I tried to clean that up

Reviewer: Love it! Thank you both 🍻

    type: arduino
```

> This is an alternative base framework for ESP32 chips; it is recommended for variants of the ESP32 like ESP32S2,

Reviewer: I think we should remove any recommendation of Arduino for ESPs.

Author: There is no recommendation it just says `This is the default framework for ESP32 chips at the moment.` which I think will be changed soon enough

    type: arduino
```

### ESP-IDF Framework

ESP-IDF is Espressif's native development framework. It is required for ESP32-C2, ESP32-C5, ESP32-C6,

> ESP32-H2, and ESP32-P4 variants, as these do not support the Arduino framework. It is recommended for

Reviewer: One minor final suggestion:
```suggestion
ESP32-H2, and ESP32-P4 variants, as these are not supported by the Arduino framework. It is recommended for
```

### Configuration variables

> - **type** (*Optional*, string): The frameword type, either `esp-idf` or `arduino`. Defaults to `arduino`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **type** (*Optional*, string): The framework type, either `esp-idf` or `arduino`. Defaults to `arduino`
```
